So first we're gonna add a field here for
is coastal which is going to be a bool,
is coastal.
And this will cause some
other compiler errors.
Namely, we see that
city is now underlined.
So it says hey missing
structure fields is coastal.
Yes, absolutely.
Okay well we need to specify that so
I'm gonna say is coastal and
then I could say is coastal
is said to be equal to the is
coastal variable in here but of course if
I want to I can also just leave it off
like that because that's
typically how it's done.
All right, so
now we've got our new city function is
returning the is coastal
value that's passed in here.
We also want this else branch to
do kind of the same thing but,
instead of saying a coastal city
it's gonna say a non coastal city of
approximately same number of residents,
everything else is gonna be duplicated.
So there's probably some way we could make
this, even less code duplication, but
for the purpose of this exercise,
that was the main goal is just to make
a note of these city things and
just return it.
Okay, so
now our new city function is done,
we've gotten rid of those two to dos and
our next to do is we want to call new city
here with whatever arguments you like.
So I'm going to call instead of
panic I'm going to say new city and
it takes residence which is a U64.
I'm going to give it I don't know,
123 residents and a is it coastal?
I'll say no, it's not.
Okay, so that's no longer an error.
And here, we're just gonna say this city
can be described as print its description
here and too many.
So I'm gonna say rustville.description.
And I can do that because
rustville is a city struct, and
it's just allowed to do that.
Now notice, by the way, that we have this
residents field here, which is never read,
like we never actually use this
residence thing, we set it but
we never read it anywhere.
So this is just the rust compiler helping
us out a little bit and basically giving
us a little bit of feedback that, hey,
since you've defined this field on your
struct, but you're never actually using
it, maybe you want to get rid of it.
And that's not necessarily a given
that you do, maybe you do or
do not want to do that.
But it is an example of the compiler
sort of helping you out and
letting you know that that's something
you might want to be aware of.
So let's run the program.
Okay, and now you can see we still
got this warning field has never read
residents but that's okay.
Not a big deal.
And now we can see this city can be
described as a non coastal city of
approximately 123 residents
which is coming from there.